# FastBook with React ⚡📚  Welcome to FastBook with React! This project is a modern web application built with React.js to help users read books faster and more efficiently. Whether you're looking to speed up your reading, track your progress, or explore new techniques like speed reading, FastBook is here to assist you.  ## Features  -   **Speed Reading Tools**: Practice speed reading with adjustable timers and text highlighting. -   **Multilingual Support**: Switch between languages (e.g., Turkish and English) effortlessly. -   **Progress Tracking**: Monitor your reading speed and history. -   **Responsive Design**: Works seamlessly on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices. -   **Customizable UI**: Tailor the reading experience to your preferences with themes and settings.  ## Tech Stack  -   **React.js**: For building a fast and interactive user interface. -   **i18next**: For internationalization and multilingual support. -   **Tailwind CSS**: For modern and responsive styling. -   **JavaScript (ES6+)**: Core language for logic and interactivity.  ## Getting Started  Follow these steps to set up the project locally on your machine.  ### Prerequisites  Make sure you have the following installed:  -   Node.js (v14 or higher) -   npm or yarn -   A modern web browser (e.g., Chrome, Firefox)  ### Installation  1.  **Clone the Repository**:     ```bash     git clone [https://github.com/drmhmdkse/fastbook_with_react.git](https://github.com/drmhmdkse/fastbook_with_react.git)     cd fastbook_with_react     ```  2.  **Install Dependencies**:     Using npm:     ```bash     npm install     ```     Or using yarn:     ```bash     yarn install     ```  3.  **Start the Development Server**:     Using npm:     ```bash     npm start     ```     Or using yarn:     ```bash     yarn start     ```     The app will be running at `http://localhost:3000`.  ## Configuration  -   **Multilingual Setup**: The app supports multiple languages using `i18next`. To add or modify languages, update the translation files in `src/locales/`. -   **Environment Variables**: Create a `.env` file in the root directory if you need to add API keys or other configurations (e.g., for a backend service).  ## Usage  1.  Open the app in your browser (`http://localhost:3000`). 2.  Select a book or text to start reading. 3.  Use the speed reading tools to adjust the pace and enable features like text highlighting. 4.  Switch languages using the language toggle (e.g., Turkish or English). 5.  Track your reading progress in the dashboard.  ## Contributing  We welcome contributions to make FastBook even better! Here's how you can contribute:  1.  Fork the repository. 2.  Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix:     ```bash     git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name     ``` 3.  Make your changes and commit them:     ```bash     git commit -m "Add your commit message"     ``` 4.  Push your changes to your fork:     ```bash     git push origin feature/your-feature-name     ``` 5.  Open a Pull Request on GitHub and describe your changes.  Please ensure your code follows the project's coding standards and includes tests where applicable.  ## License  This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.  ## Contact  For questions, suggestions, or feedback, feel free to reach out:  -   GitHub: [drmhmdkse](https://github.com/drmhmdkse) -   Email: (Add your email here if you'd like)  Happy reading! 🚀 
